hello I was doing a product shots on an
audio technica rather expensive 18 40 50
and using a lightbox house they using
one is demo for you folks that i made
for i think less than two dollars you
can make it for free but i had bunch of
requests from prior about what i was
doing and you'll see the test shots
below now i just use a ipad background
as you can see here and i actually
swiped it behind my microphone here to
create a beautiful background and i also
have us some multi colored LEDs here
that i use to paint the front of the
subject I've got green and blue and
white light and strobe light but also
behind the microphone as you can see i
have a LED a red LED light taped right
behind the microphone element so i've
got a triple layer on the light three so
three layers of light i have the red
behind the microphone using the ipad i
just think of the catalyst hundreds of
thousands of ipad backgrounds that you
could use to swipe behind your object i
mean you can even use an iphone
especially for using a macro lens i'm
just swiping in this behind the
microphone and i'm also using a de vela
shutter boss but i'm actually using
about four to five seconds off-camera
elimination like this using one of my
leds and as i said i'm using a devito
shutter boss which lets me have control
over a self timer delay which I really
don't use but for setting specific and
time I have my shutter set for example
now i'm using time dilation
and so I have a more opportunity at 13
seconds to take my shot so i'm actually
shooting it to iso 200 2 f's top of 20 @
bulb setting using the be low shutter
boss so I told you about this in a
prayer video about this being they must
get accessory this is available for all
nikon there's a couple different
varieties one for the 800 series and one
for the 70 100 / d750 series which uses
the MC MC to MC DC to connect report em
which this is for the d70 100 and the
nikon d750 which i'm shooting right now
i'm using a nikon d750 with a tokina 100
millimeter macro let me turn off my
rather expensive microphone um but i
created some beautiful shots i'm not
going to edit them at all I'm just going
to crop them and I'm going to let you
see the samples down below for
downloading them to see the effects that
you can get and this is really simple
you know this is a like eight dollar set
of LEDs you can get off of ebay these
are actually used in rave concerts and
whatnot have strings attached and I see
him at drug-filled drug-filled idiots
actually spin these up and trip out but
i don't care i mean i had bought them
for her subject elimination in macro
photography so they're great little
bundled LEDs so and i also do some
flashlights elimination which are doing
earlier on a road ntg 3 microphone i was
creating some simple shots for a buddy
that was making a microphone brochure
and i was giving him some shots of some
microphones for his brochure he said
working on a book on microphones i was
taking some shots for him and i was
doing a couple oddball shots including
the one that I just took anyway that'll
make it simple and check the test shots
below and i will leave them only cropped
and
and you could see them okay thanks for
watching if you liked this video let me
know like I said I could literally make
about thousand videos on my lightbox
shooting and as you can see i have a
translucent top for illumination above
getting me a diffuse stroboscopic effect
for giving like moving i'll actually
have a macro object on a string and I'll
actually do stroboscopic elimination
which is doing about an hour ago where
I'll actually time the strobe to fire at
a certain sequence and interval but i'll
have an object swinging so in the
picture it looks like there are multiple
objects so the possibilities are just
phenomenally endlessly you can make
hundreds of videos about lightbox
photography and this is hardly a
lightbox this is one that I showed you
guys that you could build yourself for
free or two dollars Sam you could build
a much better one go to the hardware
store or go to your craft shop and buy
some really fine corrugated whiteboard
and make a really fancy light box for
basically 20 bucks but I mean a little
two-dollar one like this is more than
sufficient as well anyway to all the
u.s. Watchers out there happy fourth of
July it's technically the fourth of July
so oh by the way I don't know who'd it's
not at you guys some weirdo left an
apple pie inside my front door when I
woke up this morning it says from so is
I have no idea who these people are
that's kind of creepy I know I'm fat but
I don't like sweets it's like so weird
it wasn't delivered in the mail someone
just and I have no idea who they are
they just left me an apple pie that's so
creepy God knows somebody that hates me
it could be poison uh-huh I thought you
think that was funny anyway anybody like
apple pie I do not like sweets at all
yeah you can actually be fat and not
like sweets hahahaha anyway catch you
later